docs: Add Tx Service data decoder guide (#489)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/core-api/transaction-service-guides/data-decoder.mdx

import { Tabs, Steps } from 'nextra/components'

# Transaction data decoder

> This guide shows how to interact with the Safe Transaction Service API to decode contract interactions data of a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to use the Safe Transaction Service API to decode transaction data for contract interactions.
```

    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```bash
      yarn add @safe-global/api-kit
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```bash
      pip install safe-eth-py web3
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs>

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}

  ### Imports

  {/* <!-- vale off --> */}

  <Tabs items={['TypeScript', 'Python']}>
    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```typescript
      import SafeApiKit from '@safe-global/api-kit'
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```python
      from eth_typing import HexStr
      from gnosis.eth import EthereumClient, EthereumNetwork
      from gnosis.safe.api.transaction_service_api import TransactionServiceApi
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs>

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}

  ### Decode transaction data

  {/* <!-- vale off --> */}

  <Tabs items={['TypeScript', 'Python', 'Curl']}>
    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```typescript
      // Initialize the API Kit
      const apiKit = new SafeApiKit({
        chainId: 11155111n
      })

      const data = "0x095ea7b3000000000000000000000000e6fc577e87f7c977c4393300417dcc592d90acf8ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
      const dataDecoded = await apiKit.decodeData(data);

>       // This decoded data is also included as dataDecoded in the response of the getMultisigTransactions, getModuleTransactions and getAllTransactions methods of the apiKit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // This decoded data is also included as dataDecoded in the response of the apiKit's getMultisigTransactions, getModuleTransactions, and getAllTransactions methods.
```

      transaction_service_api = TransactionServiceApi(
            EthereumNetwork.SEPOLIA,
            ethereum_client=ethereum_client
        )

      # Get decoded data
      data = HexStr("0x095ea7b3000000000000000000000000e6fc577e87f7c977c4393300417dcc592d90acf8ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff")
      to = "0x4127839cdf4F73d9fC9a2C2861d8d1799e9DF40C" # Optional
      data_decoded = transaction_service_api.decode_data(data, to)

      # This decoded data is also included as dataDecoded in the response of the get_safe_transaction and get_transactions methods of the TransactionServiceApi.
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
    <Tabs.Tab>
      ```bash
      curl -X 'POST' \
        'https://safe-transaction-sepolia.safe.global/api/v1/data-decoder/' \
        -H 'accept: application/json' \
        -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        -H 'X-CSRFToken: Gx1aRa8kIJGIAfReLAWwr9Q6dHv22dFt7VprdipLryHcxpfhk9aV0UDAhNz8gGYz' \
        -d '{
            "data": "0x095ea7b3000000000000000000000000e6fc577e87f7c977c4393300417dcc592d90acf8ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
        }'

>       # This decoded data is also included as dataDecoded in the GET /multisig-transactions, GET /module-transactions and GET /all-transactions endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # This decoded data is also included as dataDecoded in the GET /multisig-transactions, GET /module-transactions, and GET /all-transactions endpoints.
```
